Header and Footer Design Proposition V2The proposition includes design and style for header and footer for the MOP website. Header:The design is minimal with the header containing just the logo, two buttons with an about us link and a case studies link. The colour code for the website is #99FFFF and plain white #FFFFFF with the BACKGROUND of the header being WHITE and BUTTONS coded according to specified colour. The Font will be Open Sans. The Logo would also act as a Hyperlink to the Home Page of the MOP Website.Explanation:  The selection for the placement of the logos and the buttons was made to make website look minimal, welcoming yet uncluttered.Case Studies is selected as a header link as it is the main part of the website, which is visualising the case studies and its data.About Us was selected as a header link as it is one of the most important components of the page and gives the viewer an insight about the project .The colour Code was selected to give the website a mix of chameleon’s green and MOP’s blue and brightening it to give the website a fresher look.The Background is White as it allows for a seamless transition in between pages.The buttons are coloured #99FFFF as it brings the website together with the combination of selected colours also because it is pleasant to eye and makes them hard to miss. The Font selected is Open Sans as it is clean and exceptionally legible even at smaller sizes which will help mobile viewers read through properly.Footer:Footer includes a cross between MOP and Chameleon with their logos with respective hyperlinks and names, continued by the FAQ and Contributors for the MOP and About Chameleon Button for Chameleon Website which links the viewer to chameleon website about page. Also includes a cross sign signifying the “cross” between MOP and Chameleon.Explanation:  The selection of the placements of the logos and the button was made to fully utilise the footer space, yet keeping it minimal.The selection for chameleon links was made because it gives an insight about the project.Extra Features:  Top of the Page Button was added with an arrow pointing up signifying the “top” of the page.Explanation:  Having a Top button is a handy tool to head back on to the top of the page having read through a case study without having to swipe/drag cursor.